docs/user: Standardize install-config property documentation (#2162)
openshift/installer: docs/user/customization.md

While the default cluster size may be sufficient for some, many will need to make alterations. This can include increasing the number of machines in the control plane, changing the type of the virtual machines that will be used (e.g. AWS instances), or adjusting the CIDR range used for the Kubernetes service network. This level of customization is exposed via the installer's `install-config.yaml`. The install-config can be accessed by running `openshift-install create install-config`. This file can then be modified as needed before running a later target.

The `install-config.yaml` generated by the installer will not have all of the available fields populated, so they may need to be manually added if they are needed.

### Platform-agnostic properties

> The following `install-config.yaml` properties are supported on all platforms:

Reviewer: Missing `metadata.name` - the name of the cluster

Author: > Missing `metadata.name` - the name of the cluster

Lots of stuff still missing ;).  But fixed this particular thing in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

* `apiVersion` (required string): The API version for the `install-config.yaml` content.
    The current version (as described in this documentation) is `v1`.
    The installer may also support older API versions.
* `additionalTrustBundle` (optional string): a PEM-encoded X.509 certificate bundle that will be added to the nodes' trusted certificate store.
* `baseDomain` (required string): The base domain to which the cluster should belong.
* `controlPlane` (optional [machine-pool](#machine-pools)): The configuration for the machines that comprise the control plane.

> * `compute` (optional array of [machine-pools](#machine-pools)): The configuration for the machines that comprise the control plane.

Reviewer 2: copy/paste error, shouldn't say `control plane`. Perhaps `The configuration for the worker nodes`? (or compute nodes)?

Author: > copy/paste error, shouldn't say `control plane`.

Fixed in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

> * imageContentSources (optional, array of objects): Sources and repositories for the release-image content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* imageContentSources (optional array of objects): Sources and repositories for the release-image content.
```

Author: Fixed in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

> * imageContentSources (optional, array of objects): Sources and repositories for the release-image content.

Author: Also needs backticks

Author: > Also needs backticks

Fixed in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

    Each entry in the array is an object with the following properties:

>     * `source` (required string): The repository that users referto, e.g. in image pull specifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `source` (required string): The repository that users refer to, e.g. in image pull specifications.
```

Author: Fixed in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

    * `mirrors` (optional array of strings): One or more repositories that may also contain the same images.
* `networking` (optional object): The configuration for the pod network provider in the cluster.

>     * `cidr` (required [IP network](#ip-networks)): The IP block addres pool.

Reviewer: address

Author: > address

Fixed in 2c86ce813 -> 96b16e9d4.

    * `name` (required string): The name of the cluster.
        DNS records for the cluster are all subdomains of `{{.metadata.name}}.{{.baseDomain}}`.
* `networking` (optional object): The configuration for the pod network provider in the cluster.
    * `clusterNetwork` (optional array of objects): The IP address pool for pods.
        The default is 10.128.0.0/14 with a host prefix of /23.
        * `cidr` (required [IP network](#ip-networks)): The IP block address pool.
        * `hostPrefix` (required integer): The prefix size to allocate to each node from the CIDR.
        For example, 24 would allocate 2^8=256 adresses to each node.
    * `machineCIDR` (optional [IP network](#ip-networks)): The IP address pool for machines.
        The default is 10.0.0.0/16 for all platforms other than libvirt.
        For libvirt, the default is 192.168.126.0/24.
    * `networkType` (optional string): The type of network to install.
        The default is [OpenShiftSDN][openshift-sdn].
    * `serviceNetwork` (optional array of [IP networks](#ip-networks)): The IP address pool for services.
        The default is 172.30.0.0/16.

> * `platform` (required object): The configuration for the specific platform upon which to perform the installation.

Reviewer 3: gcp, none, baremetal ?

Author: > gcp, none, baremetal ?

Can we grow those in follow-up work?  We weren't linking to them before this PR, and I'm not all that familiar with whether parameters are required or not.  Seems like it would be easier to review if they had platform-specific PRs.

### Examples

While all complete `install-config.yaml` will contain platform-specific sections, the following example fragments demonstrate platform-agnostic options:

### Additional trust bundle

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
additionalTrustBundle: |
  -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  ...base-64-encoded, DER Certificate Authority cert...
  -----END CERTIFICATE-----

  -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
  ...base-64-encoded, DER Certificate Authority cert...
  -----END CERTIFICATE-----
baseDomain: example.com
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
proxy:
  httpsProxy:  "https://username:password@proxy.example.com:123"
  httpProxy: "httph://username:password@proxy.example.com:123"
  noProxy: ...
platform: ...
pullSecret: '{"auths": ...}'
sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
```

### Custom machine pools

An example install config with custom machine pools to grow the size of the worker pool and disable hyperthreading:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: example.com
controlPlane:
  name: master
  hyperthreading: Disabled
compute:
- name: worker
  hyperthreading: Disabled
  replicas: 5
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
proxy:
  httpsProxy:  "https://username:password@proxy.example.com:123"

>   httpProxy: "httph://username:password@proxy.example.com:123"

Reviewer 4: @wking `httph`?

Author: > `httph`?

:man_facepalming: Fixed in 211796a93 -> 91c8e95b2.
